DOCSP-29571: delete writemodel (#145)
mongodb/docs-kafka-connector: source/sink-connector/configuration-properties/write-strategies.txt

.. _sink-configuration-write-model-strategy-description-start:

You can set configuration properties to specify how the
{+sink-connector+} writes data into MongoDB. The following sections
describe the configuration properties that you can set to customize this
behavior.

Write Model
~~~~~~~~~~~

Set the ``writemodel.strategy`` configuration property to specify how

> the sink connector writes data when it receives a new sink record.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

I think "new" is an unnecessary adjective for descriptions of the sink record and tombstone event, and would omit it.

You can set the value of ``writemodel.strategy`` to any of the
fully qualified class names of the write model strategies described in
the :ref:`Strategies <sink-connector-write-model-strategies>` section of
this page. You can specify a strategy by setting the following
configuration:

.. code-block:: properties

   writemodel.strategy=<a write model strategy>

Delete Write Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Set the ``delete.writemodel.strategy`` configuration property to specify
how the sink connector writes data when it receives a tombstone

> event. The connector receives tombstone events when records are deleted.

Reviewer 2: Nit: 

I would clarify the sentence: 
> "The connector receives tombstone events when records are deleted."

A tombstone message is a kafka record that contains a key but no value, and signifies a deleted record.

   writemodel.strategy=<a writemodel strategy>

> You can also select a delete write model strategy to specify how the

Reviewer: Question:
Which term is correct: "delete writemodel" or "delete write model"?
And, since these strategies can be applied to both, should it include that qualifier? I think that could be confusing to refer to the same thing in two ways without explaining the connection.

sink connector writes data into MongoDB when it receives a

> tombstone event. You can specify a delete write strategy with the following

Reviewer: Issue:
The [style guide](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/terminology/alphabetical-terms/#std-term-using) mentions:
> Use by using, or recast the sentence. Don't use using (alone) or with. By using is easier for worldwide audiences to understand.

Suggestion:
"...strategy by using the..."

Strategies
----------

.. tip::
   
   The example configurations in the following table show how to set only
   the ``writemodel.strategy`` property. To select a write model
   strategy as your delete write model, use the same class

>    names as values of the ``delete.writemodel.strategy`` property.

Reviewer: Issue:
I think the description is slightly verbose and therefore difficult to understand how to specify the delete writemodel strategy.

Suggestion:
I think as this page has gotten more detailed, the distance between "Use the strategies in the following table" and the Strategies table has gotten too far apart, which makes this callout slightly more difficult to understand.

I think reorganizing the information by making all the following changes would be helpful:

- In the Overview, create two subheadings for the types of strategies. Or, alternatively, get rid of the Overview and create top level headings for describing the Write Model and Delete Write Model settings. 
- Introduce each setting separately, explain what they're used for, and mention that they can be set to any of the values listed in the Strategies section. I think describing how the connector deals with tombstone events is important to identify as a separate item because it is not optional (there's a default value for delete.writemodel.strategy).
- Since the Overview shows how to set each of them, change the Strategies table entries to only show the class name.

         default, and the ``InsertOneDefaultStrategy`` if you set the
         ``timeseries.timefield`` option.
       | 
       | This is the default value value for the ``writemodel.strategy``
         configuration property.

   * - | **InsertOneDefaultStrategy**
       | 
     - | **Description:**
       | Insert each sink record into MongoDB as a document. 
       | To specify this strategy, set the configuration property to the
         following class name:
       
       .. code-block:: properties
           

>           com.mongodb.kafka.connect.sink.writemodel.strategy.InsertOneDefaultStrategy

Reviewer: Suggestion:
I think the red text (from the syntax highlighting) can be distracting and wonder if "none" might be a better option than "properties".

       | Deletes at most one document that matches your sink connector's
         key structure by the ``_id`` field only when the document
         contains a null value structure.
       |
       | This is the default value for the
         ``delete.writemodel.strategy`` configuration property.
       |

>        | This strategy is implicitly selected as the value of the

Reviewer: Suggestion:

I think "default value" could be easier than "implicitly selected...value" to understand.

```suggestion
       | This strategy is set as the default value of the
```
